https://imgur.com/A1uFEe4


why additional element (A load balancer and an additional server)?
	As traffic grows significantly and  millions of users accessing website
simultaneously one server will not be adequate handle all the requests due to
overload on the one server. Hence, The employment of 2 more servers. But a new
issue arises: when a user requests content, should it come from server 1 or
server 2? To manage this, The load balancer is added to the system, acting like
a traffic cop directing traffic efficiently between multiple servers.

The Load Balancer's job is to distribute incoming traffic across these servers,
enhancing efficiency, reliability, and availability. If one server fails, the
Load Balancer automatically redirects traffic to the remaining servers.
It employs various algorithms to distribute the workload but the algorithm used
is round robin.
Round Robin:
	Requests are served by the server sequentially one after another. After
sending the request to the last server, it starts from the first server again.
This algorithm is used because the servers are of equal specification and there
not much persistent connections.


Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup,
explain the difference between both.

In an active-passive configuration, the server load balancer recognizes a
failed node and redirects traffic to the next available node. In an
active-active configuration, the load balancer spreads out the workload’s
traffic among multiple nodes. So in the sketch the active-active configuration
is used.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works?

Master-slave replication enables data from one database server (the master)
to be replicated to one or more other database servers (the slaves). The
master logs the updates, which then ripple through to the slaves. If the
changes are made to the master and slave at the same time, it is synchronous.


What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in
regard to the application?
	he difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard
to the application is that, the primary node is regarded as the authoritative
source, and the replica node (also known as slave) databases are synchronized
to it(Master).

Where are SPOF?
	SPOF is at the Load Balancer because it has no redundancy.

Security issues?
	the system has no secure traffic that is the communication is not encrypted
and there is no monitoring or firewall on the servers.
